# UCF_Project_1
The first graph depicts males vs. females who are both diagnosed with diabetes and not diagnosed with diabetes. The Chi-square statistic is 203.17 with a very significant p value. This indicates there is an association between the genders and being diagnosed with diabetes and not being diagnosed with diabetes were body mass index (BMI) is concerned. This relationship was further explored with a t-test showing a very significant p-value for both the males and females. Hypertension was seen in approximately 25% of diabetic males and females. Glycosylated hemoglobin, often referred to as A1C, showed a significant t-test value with a very significant p-value. This relationship was shown for both males and females. However, there was almost identical data when the genders were compared. Blood glucose showed a significant t-test and p-value for males and females alike. However, again there was almost no difference between the genders. The last graph shows smoking status:  current, former, and never. There was a general trend toward more individuals being never or former smokers when compared to their smoking counterparts. This was shown for both males and females.

Diabetes is a multifaceted disease with many co-morbidities. According to the data analyzed from the datasets that were utilized, there was almost no difference between male and female persons when they were diabetic or not diabetics.  This was seen across BMI, AIC, HTN, blood glucose, and smoking status. One can suppose, that diabetes effects both males and females at about the same rates when similar indicators are evaluated.
